Added documentation for select entries, map-to-list, and trucate processors. (#6660)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/sinks/file.md

Option | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
path | Yes | String | Path for the output file (e.g. `logs/my-transformed-log.log`).

> append | No | Boolean | Default false. When true, file is opened in append mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
append | No | Boolean | When `true`, the sink file is opened in append mode.
```
